readme.md, before:

## Overview

**Rust Study Management**:

**Project Description**:
Create something that the user can use to create different timers, or sets of timers, so that they can manage their study time vs break time without having to directly interact with the program at every alarm. Example is 20 minutes of study with 5 min breaks inbetween, with every 3rd 20min study session having a 15 min break  

**Project Goals**:
Learn Rust in a  way that is not just its syntax but on the deeper level of how it is managing space, how and why is it more secure, and how to leverage this capability. 
## Instructions for Build and Use

Steps to build and/or run the software:

1. Ensure rust is downloaded
2. Have visual studio code and get the rust-analyzer extension
3. in the console: cargo run
this will run the program.

Instructions for using the software:

1. First step here
2.
3.

## Development Environment 

To recreate the development environment, you need the following software and/or libraries with the specified versions:

* First thing here
*
*

## Useful Websites to Learn More

I found these websites useful in developing this software:

* [Tutorialspoint.com](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rust/rust_data_types.htm)
* [rust-lang.org]https://www.rust-lang.org
*

## Future Work

The following items I plan to fix, improve, and/or add to this project in the future:

* [ ] First thing here
* [ ]
* [ ]

Commit message:

Learning how to work with Strings, String FN

readme.md, after:

## Overview

**Rust Study Management**:

**Project Description**:
Create something that the user can use to create different timers, or sets of timers, so that they can manage their study time vs break time without having to directly interact with the program at every alarm. Example is 20 minutes of study with 5 min breaks inbetween, with every 3rd 20min study session having a 15 min break  

**Project Goals**:
Learn Rust in a  way that is not just its syntax but on the deeper level of how it is managing space, how and why is it more secure, and how to leverage this capability. Note the main.rs right now is notes and learning of RUST, will be kept as a reference for learning purposes.
## Instructions for Build and Use

Steps to build and/or run the software:

1. Ensure rust is downloaded
2. Have visual studio code and get the rust-analyzer extension
3. in the console: cargo run
this will run the program.

Instructions for using the software:

1. First step here
2.
3.

## Development Environment 

To recreate the development environment, you need the following software and/or libraries with the specified versions:

* First thing here
*
*

## Useful Websites to Learn More

I found these websites useful in developing this software:

* [Tutorialspoint.com](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/rust/rust_data_types.htm)
* [rust-lang.org]https://www.rust-lang.org
*

## Future Work

The following items I plan to fix, improve, and/or add to this project in the future:

* [ ] First thing here
* [ ]
* [ ]
